(logo whooshing)
All right, in this video, we're gonna talk
about the tech that we're using.
It's sort of helpful to understand the different parts.
The thing about JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks,
in general, is that even if you use a full framework
like we are, like Next.js,
you still have to bring your own X, Y and Z.
So, I'm gonna go through the major building blocks
that we're using here
and explain what they are for and why we are using them.
So, this is the app that we're building.
It's called Sick Fits, and it will show you things.
You can go ahead and add stuff to your cart.
You can open your cart.
You can check out with your credit card.
You can see any orders that you possibly have had before.
You can modify your account.
You can go ahead and sell your own items.
So, this is just an application that allows us to hit
upon all the things that I wanna teach you in this thing,
which at the end of the day
we're touching upon a lot of advanced React topics,
as well as learning graph QL along the way.
Then the backend of that looks like this,
where it will probably look a little bit different
by the time you are on this.
So, it's just a new version of this being pushed out
that I am going to record the backend part with.
So, it might look a little bit different.
Don't sweat it.
If it does, it will all be the same in the course.
You can go things, you can see your items.
You go ahead and create one.
You can upload images.
Select who the item belongs to.
All that good stuff.
So, let's go through all the different parts that we have.
I've got them right here.
So, the front end,
which is the actual application that we have here.
That's built in React, Next, Apollo, Styled Components.
And I'm gonna say friends 'cause there's couple
other packages here and there that we're gonna be using.
So, first thing is React.
React is the library for building user interfaces.
So, React is really good at one thing.
It's good at taking data, putting it into templates
and then rendering it out to the Dom, to your web browser.
And when that data that's in your templates updates,
React is really good at knowing how to efficiently
and quickly update that on the page.
And that's at the core, React,
it does a little bit more than that,
in terms of, we can do some basic state management
with it and whatnot, but at its core, React does that.
The next piece that we use is Next.js.
So, Next.js is a framework for React.
It takes the good stuff of React
and then it adds things like routing, pages,
static rendering or on-demand server rendering, images.
So, it takes all of the stuff that you need
out of a framework in terms of like,
how do I make pages and how do I build this thing?
And how do I deploy it?
It takes all of that
and puts it into a framework for you.
So, I am a big fan of Next.js
and we're gonna be using that in this course.
The next thing is Apollo Client.
So, Apollo is a company that does a lot of stuff
around graph QL.
And in order to query all of the items that we want,
in order to create charges and charges of credit card
and all that, we need a way to interface
with our graph QL API, and to load in the data,
provide loading states, provide error states.
We need something that is going to be able
to cache the data.
So, we're not unnecessarily fetching that from the network.
And that is what Apollo client will do for us.
So, it will be integrating that pretty tightly
into our application.
Anytime we wanna either fetch data
or push data to our actual server.
Next one is Styled Components.
Styled Components is a great way to do what is referred
to as a scope CSS in React.
So, we're gonna be writing a whole bunch
of reusable styles.
Things like, let's take a look at our actual application.
Everything from like this tiny little title that says goose
or ultra boost, the pagination, the navigation.
All of these things have styles
that are associated with them.
And being able to create reusable styles that are scoped,
meaning that if we make changes to the CSS on this
and we accidentally have a class name,
that's the same somewhere else on our page,
that's not going to be affected.
So, there's lots and lots of options for using CSS
in React.
And Styled Components is one of my favorites.
And I think you'll probably like it.
And you know, the main benefit here
or the main thing that I wanna get across is that
it's going to teach you the ideas of writing CSS
in React applications, and more importantly,
how to write modular scope CSS components
that can be reused.
And quite honestly, the ideas that we'll learn here
are applicable to all of the other CSS and JS frameworks.
So, don't stress.
If you rather use another one,
you'll be able to make the switch pretty easily.
Let's talk about the backend now.
The backend is Keystone.js.
So, what is that?
Well, Keystone.js is a framework that gives us
what's called a headless CMS.
And what a headless CMS is
it allows you to log in to your CMS.
We can create all of our different data types
like cart items and actual items
and allows us to upload photos.
It gives us this really nice interface
that allows us to manage our data.
You've probably used something like this.
And then out the other end, instead of us having
like a Keystone theme or something like that,
which you might be used to in WordPress land,
is it will actually give us a graph QL API.
Let me scroll up here.
It gives us a graph QL API that will allow us
to write these things called queries,
where we can query all the items.
And for each item I wanna get the name
and the price of that.
And then I'll go ahead and run that.
And it will return to us all of our data.
This is the part that we're gonna learn
that is referred to as graph QL.
We're gonna use Apollo to make these queries
and to pull the data into our front-end application.
So, again, Keystone is going to provide us a graph QL API
based on all of the crud, create, read, update
delete operations in our CMS here.
And then Apollo will make the queries from
to Keystone and put the data into our Next.js app.
So, Apollo is sort of the person in the middle
that goes and fetches the data
and then injects it into our React application.
Keystone.js is written in Node, Node.js,
and all of our resolvers will be written in JavaScript.
Under the hood, it uses either Mongo DB,
which I will be using in this tutorial.
But you can also hook it up to PostgREST database.
If you take a look here, they've got how to hook it up
to PostgREST as well as you can hook it up to Prisma,
if you've ever used Prisma before, which is pretty cool.
So, it doesn't matter what database you use
because the code that we write for Keystone
will just be figured out under the hood.
So, you could hook it up to any database.
If you're and a lot of people really like PostgREST
versus Mongo.
So, they'll use that or some people are diehard Mongo fans,
so they'll wanna use that.
So, that is the tech behind this.
Let's jump in and actually start getting set up
with our front-end and building our Next.js
and React application.